feat(php): RPM key rotation documentation (#22949)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/php-agent/installation/php-agent-installation-rpm-key-rotation.mdx

---
title: "PHP agent installation: RPM key rotation (2026)"
tags:
  - Agents
  - PHP agent
  - Installation
metaDescription: "To install or update your New Relic PHP agent on RPM systems, start here."
redirects:
  - /docs/php/php-agent-installation-aws-linux-redhat-centos
freshnessValidatedDate: 2026-02-06
---

> Starting in March of 2026, for best practices and security, new releases of New Relic PHP Agent RPM packages will be signed with a new signing key. To continue operation of the PHP Agent uninterrupted, anyone installing via rpm/yum should perform the following command before installing or upgrading their agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in March of 2026, for best practices and security, new releases of New Relic PHP Agent RPM packages will be signed with a new key. To continue operation of the PHP Agent uninterrupted, before installing or upgrading New Relic PHP Agent from RPM packages the following command should be executed to accept and import the new public key.
```
